---
title: v2.19
sort_order: v0002_0019
excerpt: Minor Debugger, Editor and other improvements...
provisional: true
---

# v2.19.0

# Debugger Improvements

- Scripts inside `bin/` or `tool/` folders will now always run directly on the VM and not through `flutter run` even if inside a Flutter project.
- An issue where debug sessions might continue to run in the background after clicking the Stop button on the debug toolbar has been resolved.
- A new command `Dart: Rerun Last Debug Session` has been added to the command palette. This command is bound to `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`F5` (macOS: `Cmd`+`Shift`+`F5`) and will rerun the previous debug configuration. This is particularly useful if you use the `Run`/`Debug` CodeLens test links or run your "current file" and wish to rerun the same file/test(s) after navigating to a different file.

# Code Editing Improvements

- Icon previews in tooltips/completion have been fixed for the Flutter `master` channel which had started rendering HTML chunks.
- Syntax colouring now understands the `mixin` keyword.

# Other Improvements

- Long-running commands like `pub get` now have a cancel button on the notification.
- A `Scheme is missing` error that sometimes appeared in the console if `.packages` contained relative paths has been fixed.
- The dependency tree will now reappear if you remove the second-to-last workspave folder from your workspace (it shows only when there is exactly one workspace folder).
- Using the Dart SDK from Flutter for simple Dart projects/libraries will now display "Dart from Flutter {flutter SDK version numer}" in the status bar instead of an incorrect/stale Dart SDK version number.
- A warning about multiple breakpoint responses should appear in the console less often (but is not entirely eliminated yet).

Note: This version requires VS Code v1.27 (up fron v1.26).
